[Music]
now our split fish product manager came
to me and he asked me if I wanted to
unbox this well it's a gaming peripheral
it comes with a Chuck and I said what do
you mean a Chuck what's a Chuck I
thought I figured out what he meant he
means it comes with like a nunchuck like
device so this is the frag effects shark
from split fish and what's cool about
this particular gaming peripheral is
that it is designed for ps3 pc and mac
well that's not that special okay let's
get into what's actually special about
it this is a mouse and sort of like a
mouse and chuck so it's a mouse and
control pad style controller that works
with the PlayStation 3 so here let's
have a look at the mouse first so you
can see the mouse includes your ps3
compatible buttons it also has start a
mouse wheel and clicks so that's kind of
cool right because you know not everyone
not everyone appreciates the analog
stick for aiming in FPS games am i right
I'm right okay it also includes a soft
cloth mousepad that's got a couple of
nuns some well ground not a couple it's
got six non-slip rubber feet on the
bottom okay so it comes with that so you
can throw that on your lap and it
includes a chuck so the chuck allows you
to use macros rapid fire button
remapping slick swap what's a stout
stick swap there you go so you can swap
sticks you've also got the ability to
control the sensitivity you've got an
on/off switch this as a ton of
functionality you've got an analog stick
okay and then you have three trigger
buttons now it's
the size is not that I was going to say
it looks like it might be a little bit
big for me but I can actually fairly
comfortably reach everything but this
button right here so I can reach all
these guys no problem I can control the
analog stick and I can control this no
problem the mouse as well is attached on
the big side but remember I do have very
small hands but even so I'm able to
comfortably reach all four of these
buttons I can left or right click and I
can sort of reach the start button I
mean you don't you start button that
much anymore console for anything like
how they used to work when I played
console games which was last console I
owned when it was current was actually a
Super Nintendo so it shows you it's been
a while all right
package includes a wireless mouse
wireless left hand grip the Frank Chuck
a dongle a mousepad I'll show you the
dongle in a minute and a manual one of
the most easy to use and intuitive
controllers ever designed specifically
for the ps3 and really they're focused
on ps3 here PC and Mac the Frank effect
shark gives you that same PC style
gameplay on the ps3 faster more accurate
and easy to use than a standard ps3
controller yeah amen to that
you can dynamically program the motion
swap buttons use rapid fire and adjust
the dead zone oh that's cool okay making
the frag effects shark a truly
intelligent controller requires two
double-a batteries and with 50 hours of
play time and 500 hours of power safe
standby the mouse is a 1750 dpi sorry
I'm just going through specs here but
this is all relatively important you can
play it with the mouse on the ps3 as you
would do on a PC cool sixaxis support
okay
neat fast access to special theatres
okay this is all kind of rehashing the
same stuff now manual the manual is in a
variety of different languages um
including English which is good because
that's what I can use where's the
English one there we go oh it's a
one-page manual so that's pretty
straightforward so it shows you how to
use it on the PC and the Mac should be
fairly straightforward to set up on the
ps3 so to start playing on the ps3 you
press select and you're ready to go and
play really that easy okay and it shows
you how to program special functions as
well so that's cool here is the dongle
this is a wireless controller
I can switch between controller and
keyboard okay neato
and here's how you would use it so
you're sitting on your couch
you got your mousepad here
yep Chuck and this is how you can pull
in all the noobs
in whatever console FPS you're playing
while they are struggling with analog
sticks like a chimp thank you for
watching - tech tips